but he complained about a blow on a
sandwich on the right thigh
and seven days of the cup final
jokes what is it that has any
I sense that everyone knows precisely
but as it is roturita it does not go it goes seriously
worried is that I think that's what
same as I had then taken care
careful what I had, I think
it's like left thigh because there's
He throws his hand back when he
went to the bench because it has been in
the first play also yesterday have been
the lace not to stain turns to
steal the bag
alonso has the immense hand in fault
there is no doubt that there is a lack of
is that I think they forgive him again
the yellow with which said he is hooked
he has the moment of the cut is is
more forgivable because good is a
cut of the Spanish agreement and the ball and
hook the closes another piece the go to
want ramos and alonso in Latin
unlike the Madrid day- the
treatment of which is closed and leaves
it's always easier to win now
equal the spirit the rhythm of the party and
the way to play is completely
different
for bouquets that places the ball at the peak
speech
although he delayed his position
Maria also opens disco
maría blanco in the andaluz but it's going to be
the variable the question of what color
they want the booties that you give them their
land heart
of the road
you dance not the goals of dad sergio but
after pharaoh of beds you look at a book
of the pac or how does it rise from the cradle
you lose your life the same chicks
with so many eggs in my dad from sergio
We put the ball on the road with the
right leg to the right angle of
jaime dad dad ramón brand children bouquets
celebrates go gomis 0 real madrid first
goal to tie one
will not return to put the leg
right
I was told
Not only
all right
I just
in the valladolid of the god I hate
corners out green the right band
He gave sodium and finishes with his head
turning it to the right stick of caxinas
brand molding tends me to athletic
of madrid is ruined at badri and celebrates
the barça the goal of osorio marked sorio
he scored the ball and the equalizer goal
del valladolid or osorio brand composed a
sure tram those who give you a baron
signed by pepe reina when you hire your
new car policy customer creator
10 15 the ultras to the insurance